# DataMining-18
Data Mining Hithub Repository, for Group 18 || Spring 2020

Entertainment has been a valuable part of the human experience since the beginning of time. Whether it’s poetry, live stage plays, or shows on TV, there’s always some form of entertainment to indulge it with your free time. There’s an absolute sea of different mediums and they’re all extremely deep. Each containing a unique and interesting subset of content. The amount of choices available to a person can be quite daunting, especially without any direct recommendations from a friend or family member. In addition to that, it’s quite hard to find a consistent heuristic when looking for a new piece of media to indulge in. Do you search for shows with a similar genre to what you’ve already enjoyed? Maybe you’re a massive fan of a specific animation studio or producer? How about just picking something that has high reviews online? There are issues with any of these methods, especially with how fluid and multifaceted entertainment companies have become. These options are still better than aimlessly looking around until you find something, however we’re of the opinion that all these options can be used together. Our intent is to build a recommendation system based which considers all these options, specifically for our medium of choice: anime. This report will chronicle our motivations, the dataset, methodology, and our results for this endeavor.

Our goal was to create a KNN anime reccomendation system that takes into account popularity metrics and genre metrics. Our goals were achieved, but were underwhelming for the state of the class. We may attempt this venture again in the future.

